User Stories for first proposal:

• As a user, I want to register and login to the app so that I can receive stock recommendations and other conveniences.
◦ Description: This user story addresses the register and login feature of the app. It will be necessary for users to 
  log in to our app to access stock recommendations and other features. The user will register for the app with an email
  address and choose a password, and they can optionally associate their Twitter account with the app (the function
  described in “Twitter activity recommendations” story ). The user can log in to his or her account using the email address
  and password, if they associated the Twitter account, they can log in via Twitter.


• As a logged-in user, I want to be able to change the password at reasonable frequencies to preserve the security
  of the account so that I can better protect my information.
◦ Description: This user story addresses the password feature of the app. Given that we are dealing with financial
  information, it would be wise for the regularly changing passwords to prevent the possibility of them being hacked.
  In case the user forgets their password, they will be able to change their password, by verifying their email address
  or answering the security question. When verifying the email address, the app will send out a verification link via
  email to the user, which the user can click on, and it will redirect the back to the app. Once the user has clicked on
  the verification link and has been redirected, they will be asked if they want to change their password. Besides the 
  verification link, users also have a choice to update their password, in case they decide to change their password. 
  It can’t be the same as previous passwords. We keep track of previous passwords to help prevent password repetition.
 
 • As a general login user, I want to receive a daily recommendation of stocks so that I can have a better idea of which
 stocks I should invest in.
◦ Description: This user story addresses the recommendation feature of the app.Our users are interested in stocks,
  so our app can help our users by providing them recommendations that are suitable for their portfolio. Users will login
  to our app like the “user login” story describes. Then, users will find a tab called Stocks for today. By clicking it, 
  users will be able to see our daily recommendation of stocks, and some basic information about them. If users couldn’t see
  the recommended stocks, they should check Internet connection and refresh the page or check on 30 mins later. If the problem
  persists, our app will provide a tab for reporting errors.


• As a logged-in user, I should be able to access additional information about the stock (its price history, P/E ratio etc) 
  so that I can make an informed choice of buying or selling it.
◦ Description: This user story addresses the stock-related information the app will provide for logged-in users. Since
  knowing information about the stock is essential to investing, our app should provide a way to access these details
  to users. The user will login as “user login” story describes, then the user could access the information about the
  portfolio and recommend stocks. Our app will provide some basic information about those stocks, like prices and 
  volume, for users. For more information, by clicking on the stock name, our app will redirect the user toward 
  other stocks information sites, like Google Finance, and search that stock for the user.

• As a logged-in user, I want to get stock recommendations based on my Twitter activities, so that I can have stock recommendations based on my interests.
◦ Description: This user story addresses the ability of our app to give our user stock recommendations based on their Twitter activity. 
  This will help tailor recommendations for stocks to our user’s interests based on their actions on Twitter. The user can associate his
  or her Twitter account with the account for our app, and by turning on the option to recommend stocks based on Twitter, the user will
  see recommendations based on his or her twitter account in the daily recommendations of stock as the daily recommendation user story describes.
  
• As a login user, I want to be able to see my stock history or the stocks I have available, so that I can keep track of my existing stocks.
◦ Description: The user story addresses the stock history or keeps track of the stocks users have available.This will help the user to keep
  track of their stocks, which may help in determining how many of which stocks to buy, as it relates to stock trends. The user will login
  to our app, and there will be a tab called “my current and history portfolio”. By clicking on this tab, the user can see the stocks he
  or she currently hold and the history of sell and buy. Our app will gather that information in two ways. Users can either associate 
  a trader account with us, or manually enter the portfolio.
